Added link how to use MQP on Magento Commerce Cloud (#8025)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/comp-mgr/patching/mqp.md

  - Upgrade
---

> The [Magento Quality Package (MQP) package][] delivers individual patches developed by Magento and allows you to apply, revert, and view general information about all individual patches that are available for the installed version of {{ site.data.var.ee }} or {{ site.data.var.ce }}. How to install and use MQP for Magento Commerce Cloud you can find information in [this article]({{ site.baseurl }}/cloud/project/project-patch.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Magento Quality Package (MQP) package][] delivers individual patches developed by Magento and allows you to apply, revert, and view general information about all individual patches that are available for the installed version of {{ site.data.var.ee }} or {{ site.data.var.ce }}. Information on how to install and use MQP for Magento Commerce Cloud can be found in the [Apply Patches]({{ site.baseurl }}/cloud/project/project-patch.html) article.
```
